docs: ✏️ Add non-cli section for new zip-upload functionality (#224)
wpengine/headless-docs: atlas/reference/non-cli/zip-upload.mdx

![Getting to API credentials in portal](./img/api-access-and-generate-screen.png)
![Credentials modal screenshot from portal](./img/api-credentials-modal.png)

# Running Zip Command in CURL
Run the following command, replacing the path capitals with your own values, to replace the existing Atlas environment with your new code. After this the app will rebuild automatically, so allow some time time for this to reflact your changes:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" -F "repository=@PATH-TO-FILE.zip" -u "PUT_API_USERNAME_HERE:PUT_API_PASSWORD_HERE" https://js.wpengineapi.com/fu/v1/accounts/{PUT_ACCOUNT_NAME_HERE}/apps/{PUT_APP_NAME_HERE}/environments/{PUT_ENVIRONMENT_UUID}:upload
```
The following is what the CURL command with populated credentials should look like:
```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" -F "repository=@express-simple-server-main.zip" -u "user_name:password" https://js.wpengineapi.com/fu/v1/accounts/wpengineaccount/apps/faust-app-001/environments/135788ee-e49f-0670-1a83-9c4eeede01f9:upload
```

###Notes:

> CURL HTTP Response will give `200` status, but will not return a response body, if successful. If you would like more detail add the `-i` (light summary) or `-v` (detailed summary) flag to the avove CURL command. You can also check Portal to see the Atlas Environment rebuilding state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CURL HTTP Response will give `200` status, but will not return a response body, if successful. If you would like more detail add the `-i` (include the HTTP response headers in the output) or `-v` (makes curl verbose during the operation) flag to the above CURL command. You can also check Portal to see the Atlas Environment rebuilding state.
```

Reviewer: How about a slightly more detailed description of the flags?

Author: Any suggestion on the wording?

Reviewer: I meant the ones mentioned above 😄

Author: Ah, my bad. 👯‍♂️
